---
scrybble_filename: Getting started
scrybble_timestamp: 1772024784
---
# Getting started

> [!WARNING] **Do not modify** this file
> This file is automatically generated by Scrybble and will be overwritten whenever this file in synchronized.
> Treat it as a reference.

## Pages

### [[Getting started.pdf#page=2|Getting started, page 2]]

#### Typed text

##### Write and sketch

###### Explore different pens and brush styles.

Adjust the stroke thickness and color.

























Pan down the page with two fingers.















###### Eraser

Use the eraser tool to remove pen strokes.





















                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=3|Getting started, page 3]]

#### Typed text

##### Set a template

###### Find templates using the Layers button.

Choose one of the grid types as your background.





###### 







######   







                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=4|Getting started, page 4]]

#### Typed text

##### Draw shapes

###### Make a circle.

Hold at the end of your brush stroke to draw a perfect circle.













 

            Try to make a square, triangle, and a straight line.







                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=5|Getting started, page 5]]

#### Typed text

##### Move the box

###### Use the selection tool to circle it with your Marker

Try to rotate, cut, copy, move, or scale it up and down. 

   

















                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=6|Getting started, page 6]]

#### Typed text

##### _****_Convert handwriting to text

###### Finish this sentence any way you like.





where there's a will, there's a light



 





                 Use the selection tool and convert                   the sentence to text.  





                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=7|Getting started, page 7]]

#### Typed text

##### ****Move the toolbar

###### Longpress and drag the hide/show button to reposition the toolbar.

Position can also be set in **Settings** > **Accessibility ** 



   





 





                                       Swipe to the next page


### [[Getting started.pdf#page=8|Getting started, page 8]]

#### Typed text

##### Unlock new possibilities with Connect

 Get just the right tools to do your best work.  Connect subscribers enjoy access to: 

######         A wide array of templates from          reMarkable Methods

######         Unlimited cloud storage

######         App note-taking



New to reMarkable? Claim your free trial to get started. Activate at **remarkable.com/connect** 






### [[Getting started.pdf#page=9|Getting started, page 9]]

#### Typed text

##### Check it off

###### Tap or tick the box to mark the task as completed.


- [x] Explore how your paper tablet works
- [x] Swipe pages and pan inside the document
- [x] Activate your Connect subscription at  **my.remarkable.com/connect**
- [ ] Import a template from **methods.remarkable.com**
- [ ] Complete your first notebook





                You can always find more                  helpful tips in Guides.



